Dad?
You actually helped an outsider deal with your own son
Dear son, when you threw me to the ground
But think of me as your father
OK
mother
Push it all on Shen Tinglan
We run away as much as you dare
Shen Yu, stop it
I don't care about everything in the past
But you have to change.
I have no turning back
Dad?
The culprit in all this is you
Since I went to school
Forgive me every time I make a mistake
Help me fill the hole
Tell me.
As long as I leave a successor for the Shen family, how can I toss?
Now you regret it
It's the other way around. Oops.
It's my fault.
you
You are the only thing your mother left me with.
Dad, as long as you abandon the world
I'm still your son
Huanyu Group, are you still there?
Our Shen family is still intact.
I know wrong
Please forgive me.
I'll listen to you from now on
Master Shen can't
Child